README.md, before:

# C3L Fashion Mirror

## Installation Guide

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can download it from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Git clone this repository by running the following command, and then change your directory to the cloned repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Harmxn02/C3L-FashionMirror.git
cd C3L-FashionMirror
```

### Running the Application

After that, you need to install the necessary Python dependencies. You can do this by running the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Backend

You will need two terminal windows to run the backend and frontend of the application. In the first terminal window, change your directory to the `backend` folder and run the following command:

```bash
cd backend
uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload
```

#### Frontend

In the second terminal window, change your directory to the `frontend` folder and run the following command:

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

After running the above commands, you can access the application by visiting `http://localhost:3000/` in your web browser.

### Tools Used

- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/)

Commit message:

Add usage instructions for camera functionality in README.md

README.md, after:

# C3L Fashion Mirror

## Installation Guide

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can download it from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Git clone this repository by running the following command, and then change your directory to the cloned repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Harmxn02/C3L-FashionMirror.git
cd C3L-FashionMirror
```

### Running the Application

After that, you need to install the necessary Python dependencies. You can do this by running the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Backend

You will need two terminal windows to run the backend and frontend of the application. In the first terminal window, change your directory to the `backend` folder and run the following command:

```bash
cd backend
uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload
```

#### Frontend

In the second terminal window, change your directory to the `frontend` folder and run the following command:

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

After running the above commands, you can access the application by visiting `http://localhost:3000/` in your web browser.

### Usage

In the frontend application, you press the "Start Camera" button to start the camera.
You can then press the "Take Picture" button to take a picture of yourself.
The AI model will then detect the clothing items you are wearing (and their colors) and display it on the screen.

### Tools Used

- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/)
